Added disk space requirements (#409)
RedHatInsights/red-hat-ansible-automation-platform-documentation: downstream/modules/platform/ref-system-requirements.adoc

== Automation controller

> {ControllerNameStart} is a distributed system, where different software components can be colocated or distributed across multiple compute nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{ControllerNameStart} is a distributed system, where different software components can be co-located or deployed across multiple compute nodes.
```

Reviewer: avoid duplication of "distributed" - seems like you're using the same word to describe itself. 

also not 100% but I feel like there should be a hyphen in `co-located` otherwise it looks like a misspelling of "collocated"

In the installer, node types of control, hybrid, execution, and hop are provided as abstractions to help the user design the topology appropriate for their use case.

> Recommendations for node sizing are provided in the following table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table provides recommendations for node sizing:
```
